hey guys I want to share with you my
Valentines Day tablescape that I put
together and using items that I
purchased from the Dollar Tree Walmart
and Ross they were all very very very
cheap items but I feel like that the
table came out really great it looks
expensive it doesn't look cheap
so I'm very happy and I hope that you
guys like this tutorial kind of fish
walkthrough I don't know um so I'll see
you guys soon and happy Valentine's Day
to everybody so these do a general
overview of what it looks like so I do
have like a dark brown wood but if you
have a glass table I really feel like
this look will look even better but I
like the dark as well so let me show you
the table setting
now the deck of cards I did purchase at
the Dollar Tree I actually purchased a
deck at Walmart and I purchased a deck
at the Dollar Tree
so this deck is actually from Walmart
before I knew the Dollar Tree had a deck
of cards then this red plate if you see
my Dollar Tree haul tutorials I will
link those videos down below I got this
red plate at the Dollar Tree so I picked
up 4 so total cost was $4 because I did
4 settings altogether then this white
plate I picked up at Walmart for 88
cents each and this pink doily I got at
the Dollar Tree also in my haul and I
simply took a Queen of Hearts I got four
total decks so I only wanted the heart
suit not any of the other suits so for
really kind of worked perfectly and each
single setting has a queen of hearts and
a pink doily and I added these little
glitter pink hearts they were from Table
scatter at the
they're treating come in a package of
pink glitter hearts and red glitter
hearts and then I simply just took out
the hearts and if--and them around the
plate setting then I purchased this
bandanna at Hobby Lobby they are 99
cents each I went with red I didn't know
if I wanted to pink or not but I went
with red now you can't really tell but I
got these at the dollar tree they're in
the shape of hearts and they're kind of
like those slinkys and I decided I was
gonna use them as napkin holders like a
napkin ring and then also part of my
Dollar Tree haul I found these wonderful
kiss lips glasses for a freakin dollar I
love them I picked up four so I each
setting has four okay moving on also
part of my Dollar Tree haul I didn't get
the dollar trick on it Ross I just
included some items from Ross and this
table runner one is from Ross and I
think it was like three 99 or $4.99 of
something really really cheap now this
is something I've actually done in my
gingerbread Christmas house tablescape
that tutorial is also in my list of
videos I don't know I love adding these
little tea lights it just really makes
everything glow and it makes it so much
prettier so then these little vases I
purchased at the Dollar Tree a few years
ago but I saw them recently so I know
they still sell them I just didn't need
to buy any many so I have two over here
and I filled them with Dollar Tree fake
pink flowers and the Dollar Tree sells
these little pink glittery hearts they
also have some flowers that actually
have these kind of built into them so
Dollar Tree is amazing and I kind of
wanted to I wanted my table to be really
floral II and pretty and like I don't
know I just liked it so I added a bunch
of floral
this piece it all goes together and I
got it at Ross I'm not sure on the price
but it is in my one of my hauls so I
know it was cheap it had to have been
three ninety-nine and then these pink
vases I also got the Dollar Tree I got
two so two dollars total and the pink
flowers are also from the Dollar Tree
moving over here I plan on making a pink
cake which I will put here for display I
got this cake stand at Ross I'm not sure
on the price it was about $9.99 probably
I know I don't usually pay anything over
that for stuff like this
and I just simply added pink heart
doilies on top of it and the other side
pretty much looks exactly the same
except these are the cards from the
Dollar Tree which I actually happen to
like a lot more than the ones from
Walmart the ones from Walmart are kind
of more I don't know how to say it
they're they're kind of like the ones
that you would use in Vegas they're
they're like they look more certified
and the ones from the Dollar Tree kind
of looked more decorative I don't know
if that makes any damn sense but I just
happen to like the Dollar Tree cards a
lot better than the ones at Walmart so
that is all everything as you can see
was really really inexpensive and like I
said if you have a glass table I think
this will really look even more amazing
I hope this inspires you guys I hope
that stuff like this makes you happy
like it makes me happy it's kind of
weird I know but it does so I'll see you
guys soon I don't know if I have any
more Valentine's Day tutorials coming up
but I know I have a couple of more hauls
so hope you enjoyed this Valentine's Day
table walkthrough and thank you for
subscribing for watching all my videos
if you want to know when I post new
videos click Subscribe because it will
send you a notification when I upload
more videos so thank you all also for
the amazing comments you all leave me I
read every single one
and I try to respond to every single one
of them so thank you so much you guys
are amazing for taking the time out of
your day to watch me so see you soon
sorry I'm rambling bye